# Uganda Elections Data Portal (UEDP)
## Background:
The [Uganda Elections Data Portal (UEDP)](https://uganda.electionsdataportal.org/result/Presidential/2016/National/) was designed by the [International Republican Institute (IRI)](https://www.iri.org/). IRI is a premier international democracy-development organization. Our nonpartisan, nongovernmental Institute has performed high-impact work in more than 100 countries since 1983—in Africa, Asia, Eurasia, Europe, Latin America and the Caribbean, and the Middle East and North Africa—and currently has offices in 40 countries worldwide.

The UEDP consists of a user-friendly website that allows users to visualize, analyze, and download registration and results data from [Electoral Commission (EC) of Uganda](https://ec.or.ug/) for the 2006, 2011, and 2016 Ugandan presidential elections, as well as short analytical reports on key election-related trends. The set of tools offered by the UEDP allows electoral stakeholders to conduct more effective, data-driven, election-related interventions and activities. For instance, areas with low turnout or a very high rate of invalid votes may benefit from additional get-out-the-vote campaigns and voter education.

This repository contains the final bulk UEDP datasets that are presented on the UEDP website. This repository also contains the machine-readable conversions of the EC's original election data publications, and also zipped archives of the EC's PDF publications of this election data. This repository also contains UEDP's methodology and annexes. Finally, UEDP's customized maps that are used to display data can also are available for download as GeoJSON files.

## Disclaimer:
While IRI aims to make the information on this website as timely and accurate as possible, IRI makes no claims nor guarantees about the accuracy and completeness of the data on this site beyond what is outlined in our verification process, and expressly disclaims liability for errors and omissions in the contents of this site. 
